I worked at Dell for a 1 year and 7 months but like all good things
            my time there came to an end. Due to workforce reductions I got laid
            off in Feb 2025. It came as a surprise to me, but that is the best
            thing that could have happened to me. I am now in a much better
            place technically, and am finding more about what I am good at. As
            much as I liked Dell, I think I entered without having an idea of
            what I wanted to do with my skillset. Regardless of the layoff, I
            still enjoyed my time at Dell. I got to meet many different people
            with whom I shared some warm memories.

            My project for this 10 week internship was to create a Microsoft Teams chat bot. The idea for the chatbot was to query it for our internal API responses. It was meant as an alternative to the tools that we had like swagger or postman. I won't lie, I was confused like 90% of the time because everything I was learning was so new to me. I mean I was being exposed to the corporate entity for the first time, and needed some time to adapt. I tried my best and gave it my all. Thankfully, I was not alone. I had a mentor throughout the entire experience that gave me pointers on how to win in a corporate level position. He gave me advice on how to become a better programmer and stepped in whenever I needed a question answered. At the end of the internship I gave a presentation to our organization on the project that I was assigned. The presenation went well and I received acknowledgements from the senior staff. I think I could have done better in terms of problem solving? I felt that at the time of working as an intern, I lacked the confidence to suggest areas of improvement. I think that I lacked confidence to even see and identify potential areas of improvement. I feel that if I came up with my own solutions, I would have likely had an easier timeworking on what I was working on. I think that when you come up with something yourself, you have a better understanding of its context as opposed to being handed an assignment that you are just told to complete. However, I give myself grace because I was in a different state of mind back then, and understand why I found it hard to be a paid, creative problem solver for the first time. Overall the internship was a great introduction to my career, and although there was areas in which I think I could have handled the opportunity better, I am still thankful forits appearance in my life.

